                    NICIRA ACADEMIC RESEARCH LICENSE

Preamble
--------

This license applies to all content in the enclosing software
distribution for which copyright is owned by Nicira Networks.  Content
owned by others within the distribution is clearly marked, by
including the owner's copyright and license information.

This restrictive license is a stopgap measure.  We intend to release
future versions of NOX under a more liberal license.  If this license
is too restrictive for you to accomplish your goals, please contact us
at contact@nicira.com.

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2007, 2008 Nicira Networks, Inc.

Any person who obtains any original or modified version of this
software and associated documentation files (the "Software") is
granted a limited and nonexclusive right to use, copy, and modify the
Software, but only as long as such person is a student, faculty
member, or staff member of an educational institution, and provided
that such use, copies and/or modifications are for non-commercial
academic research purposes only, and further subject to the conditions
below.  To the extent not explicitly granted by this license, Nicira
Networks reserves all intellectual property rights in the Software,
including any and all copyright and patent rights thereto.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
